ENG-1234 Add installation and usage instructions to categorize_notify (#28)
autokitteh/kittehub: categorize_notify/README.md

For more details, refer to [this blog post](https://autokitteh.com/technical-blog/from-inbox-to-slack-automating-email-categorization-and-notifications-with-ai/).

## Installation and Usage 

> First and foremost, [install AutoKitteh](https://docs.autokitteh.com/get_started/install).

Reviewer: 1. Please add 1 empty line between (i.e. above + below) headers and text - here and in the other headers below
2. "First and foremost" sounds a little odd to me in this context, installing AK is certainly an initial prerequisite, but it's not "the most important thing"

### Configure integrations
- [Configure Slack integration](https://docs.autokitteh.com/config/integrations/slack/)
- [Configure Google integration](https://docs.autokitteh.com/config/integrations/google)

### Clone the Repository
```shell
git clone https://github.com/autokitteh/kittehub.git
cd kittehub/categorize_notify
```

> Alternatively, you can the copy individual files in this directory.

Reviewer: "can the copy"? Is "the" redundant, or did you mean something else?

### Run the AutoKitteh Server
Simply run this command:

```shell
ak up --mode dev
```

### Apply Manifest and Deploy Project

1. Navigate to the `categorize_notify` directory:

   ```shell
   cd categorize_notify
   ```

2. Apply manifest and deploy project by running the following command:

   ```shell

>    ak deploy --manifest autokitteh-python.yaml --file program.py

Reviewer: Specifying `--file` is valid, but unnecessary. I prefer to remove it for simplicity, but if you want to keep it for completeness that's fine too.

Reviewer: ok, let's keep it for now. I think the quickstart was written when that parameter was still required, so please ask Haim which option he prefers and let's align everything to that - but that's not urgent for this PR at all.

    ```
    The output of this command will be important for initializing connections in the following step if you're using the CLI.

    For example, for each configured connection, you will see a line that looks similar to the one below:

    ```shell
    [exec] create_connection "categorize_notify/my_chatgpt": con_01j36p9gj6e2nt87p9vap6rbmz created
    ```

    `con_01j36p9gj6e2nt87p9vap6rbmz` is the connection ID.

### Initiliaze Connections

> >💡 **Note**: `my_http` does not need to initialized

Reviewer: See GitHub markdown alerts: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#alerts

Author: Done

> Using the connection ID's from the previous step, run these commands:

Reviewer: You can use "ID" or "IDs", but not "ID's" here.

Author: Changed it but curious why

Reviewer: Plural numbers/abbreviations/acronyms don't require an apostrophe. "ID's" here means "of ID", not "multiple identifiers".

> <!-- TODO: Change the commands below to working commands -->

Reviewer: Is this comment for you or for the user? Because it's not visible in the rendered markdown.

Author: Done

```shell
ak connection init my_chatgpt <connection ID>
ak connection init my_gmail <connection ID>
ak connection init my_slack <connection ID>
```

### Trigger the Workflow
Run this command:

```shell
curl -v "http://localhost:9980/http/categorize_notify/"
```

Now send yourself a new email and watch the workflow do its job!
## Known Limitations
- **ChatGPT**: the prompt for this workflow works for simple cases. It may have mixed results for emails that lack detail or have nothing to do with the channels provided.

> - **E-mail polling**: the polling mechanism is basic and does not cover edge cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Gmail mailbox polling**: the polling mechanism is basic and does not cover edge cases.
```

Author: Done
